GETTING EGAINT

There are several ways to obtain the complete source code and/or the
latest version of this program; I'll outline a few of the more obvious
procurements methods below.

First and foremost, you can download the complete egaint (and more) when
calling either of the following bulletin board systems (both serve as
the primary distributors of this program):

Tom McDermet's Odyssey            Lawrence Liu's PC GFX Exchange
Morris Plains, New Jersey         San Francisco, California
24 hours, 300/1200/2400 baud      24 hours, 2400/9600/19200 baud
+1 201 984 6574                   +1 415 337 5416 (HST dual standard)
                                  +1 415 337 5599 (Hayes V-series)

Both systems are exceptional, quite comfortable, and run by two of the
best sysops around:  I heartily encourage you to call both (tell them I
sent you).

Look for files in the form of EGmmddx.ZIP (where mmdd is the month and
day of the release and x is either "E", "S", and "P", representing the
executable, source code, and patch distributions, respectively) in the
either the games or upload directories.  Since more than one version
might exist from time to time, using the "zippy scan" command for
"egaint" in all directories should locate (eventually) the most current
version.

In addition, as time and funds permit, I do try to call some of the more
interesting bulletin board systems around the contiguous forty-eight
states from time to time, so a copy (albeit usually not the latest
version) probably exists on a system near you (if not, upload it there
yourself!).

Unfortunately, the grabbing of egaint via Fidonet file requests is not
available at this time.

For those with Internet and/or UUCP access, I can electronically mail
out uuencode'd binaries or shar'd source code--send mail to one of the
addresses listed below for more details.  In addition, an anonymous ftp
site for egaint exists at ocf.berkeley.edu (128.32.184.254); look in the
"pub/erc" subdirectory.

Also, I periodically submit versions to the comp.binaries.ibm.pc
newsgroup (though whether or not they actually get posted is another
matter entirely), something which Usenet aficionados can stay tuned for.
Since this newsgroup is archived at several sites, notably
grape.ecs.clarkson.edu (non-authoritative address:  128.153.13.196),
previous releases should be available from one of them.

Finally, for those shut off from the rest of the world or too busy to
bother, mailing a self-addressed, stamped mailer with either a 5.25-
inch, 360k or 3.5-inch, 720k or 1.44M diskette to the below postal
address will also work.  Please make sure that you provide adequate
postage!  Due to monetary limitations (read:  I'm a poor, busy college
student), if your package is either under-postaged or incompletely
addressed, it will probably be tossed.

Since versions are issued at a very irregular frequency (ranging from
twice a day to twice a year) as opposed to, for example, bi-monthly,
announcements concerning the availability of major releases will be
posted to the Usenet newsgroups comp.binaries.ibm.pc.d and
rec.games.misc and the Games conference on Smartnet.


CORRESPONDING WITH ME

I'm terribly interested in hearing about any bug reports, complaints,
suggestions, improvements, or comments which you might have concerning
this program, even if it's just a postcard of New York City with "Nice
program!" scrawled on it.

Again, there are several ways to reach me.  First, you can leave me a
comment on either of the aforementioned bulletin board systems when you
download the latest version.

I also regularly monitor the Games conference on the Smartnet network,
so leaving me a message in that conference on any network carrier should
also work.

Internet and/or UUCP electronic mail also works (and is probably the
preferred method of contact); apropos addresses are given below.

For Compuserve users, there is a way to send electronic mail through a
gateway to Internet:  prefixing my Internet address with ">internet:"
should do the trick (i.e., ">internet:erc@irss.njit.edu").  Issuing the
Compuserve command "help internet" will recant more detailed information
concerning this gateway.

For Fidonet users, there is a way to send Netmail to an Internet and/or
UUCP address:  consult your local system operator for more details.

Finally, letters and cards (preferably of picturesque local tourist
attractions) to my postal address also work (but tend to take about week
to get here).


THE EGAINT MAILING LIST

A mailing list devoted to egaint and other related topics (including,
but not limited to Tetris and KLAX) has been formed for those users who
can both send and receive mail to and from Internet and/or UUCP accounts
(this includes Internet, UUCP, Compuserve, and Fidonet users).
Subscribing to this list will enable users to not only receive
notification of future releases, but will also receive bug reports,
hints, and discussions concerning the future direction of egaint.  To
subscribe, send mail to

        ...!ucbvax!irss.njit.edu!egaint-request         (UUCP)
        egaint-request@irss.njit.edu                    (Internet)
        >internet:egaint-request@irss.njit.edu          (Compuserve)

and more information will be relayed to you.

--
eric ng 1906 milvia street berkeley california 94704
...!ucbvax!irss.njit.edu!erc ...!ucbvax!ocf!erc
erc@irss.njit.edu            erc@ocf.berkeley.edu
